[Music]
Antonio David this This news is very very
very important Look I have to
admit that of all the things that
Rocio Carrasco accused him of if
you see the gin over I did to
Rito when not to her as such but to the
documentary okay Of all the things that
Rito tried to do to Antonio David this
was the one that I thought was the worst well the only one that I
thought would turn out badly for Antonio David
okay the issue of the
concealment comes up here I sincerely
say Ugh I had the impression that here
Antonio David had really put his
foot in it not because of his stubbornness of not paying him child
support because of Fidel no because
the account was in Fidel's name and all
that nonsense no but it turns out I was
wrong Antonio David Flores is
acquitted of the
procedural fraud and concealment of
assets that Rocio Carrasco and her
lawyers accused him of almost a
decade ago okay this is really a
suffering this is really a
suffering to me tell you that you were
worried about this issue eh I mean in the
end  It's an important criminal matter that
could complicate their lives. I
mean, I'm completely sure that
he's trusting, not trusting in justice,
trusting to do everything right, whatever it is, I
'm not completely sure that it's
a concern. Okay, but you can't
appeal anymore. No, man, Olaya, well,
I would say yes. What happens is that when
you are acquitted in the first instance, in
criminal matters, I think it's
quite different from civil matters. eh, I
mean, in civil matters, I think there's a greater
possibility that something will change more
radically. Okay, but I don't know why. I just did
n't fully understand. Once
they explained to me how in
Criminal Procedures when they are criminal offenses, mm let's
see, things can change, obviously they can change,
but I think that if they've
acquitted you, I don't know if they can condemn you,
okay. I don't know if it can change so much that they
condemn you, but
I see it as very complicated. Yes, man.
Of course, Rosito can appeal, you know that
he will appeal to Bolivia. No, no, no,
not even to the European Union, but
to Bolivia and he will take this to the UN.
Okay, eh. I'm telling you, this is what
what I believed what I believed
could go wrong for Antonio David
of all the things that Rocío had
charged him with okay because I say Well but
from what it seems and I say from what it
seems And now I will explain why
From what it seems well it has been possible to
demonstrate that Antonio David in that let's
see the crime this of concealment
comes from is basically that you hide
your income okay for example you collect it
through another person or whatever
to say that you have no income and not
take charge of a payment that you have to
make of a debt okay in this case the
obligation of
child support that was already claimed okay he
had to pay it and then There was a
time when he couldn't pay it em I
sincerely when I heard some
things not so many aleos of companies
here companies there I say Uf e but
this man has not had money to
pay it at the moment Well
respecting what justice says Okay
and I say what it seems that
justice says because I don't have the sentence It
seems that I understand no if they have
acquitted her it is because they managed to prove it
or the other party hasn't  achieved Eh he has not
managed to prove that he was paid okay
this is basically because it has been
proven that Antonio Avid did not earn
money at that time to take
care of a debt he had to support
his children and all the things he had to do
No This is like that okay when I
say that I don't know to what extent I can
explain La Movida to you, well it's because I have not
obtained the sentence I have
tried to get it but it has been
completely impossible for me, I think that not
even the people who have given the
news They have it in full they have the
whole thing okay the sentence as such and have
given few details eh for my taste
for my taste HM eh I know I think there are two
options okay one is that they have it s
super protected s super reserved for
him to do it in an exclusive on his
YouTube channel in the next live broadcast he does,
okay to have it have the
exclusive content and but it also seems to me
that man mm that he doesn't want us to see
the full sentence It's that no no
I don't know or rather really if I won a
sentence like that then I would have no
problem in making it known
complete okay in the end as
things always arrive as always you
have to inform okay Why  Well
because maybe there's a glimmer of
something that doesn't Hey we have to have I don't know
things not interpretations always with
gossip there's nothing saner than
being crazy a kiss lool lailo Well yes
today I have set the objective always with
telesalseo you already have three super chats of
50 let's see if today let's see if today we reach the
objective okay let's see if today we reach the
objective because it's Friday at least
not well eh that's what that's what I'm
telling you okay so I mean I haven't been able to
get the sentence Hey I hope he
publishes it on his channel okay And from there to
analyze it I would have liked to make a
video on the main channel about
this topic
because because it would have been
very interesting for me to make a video
on the main channel about this topic of
mine with newspaper archives and and
all these little things no Why Well
because this would give it to my taste I don't know
if you agree with me this would
give a closure to the entire docuseries to the
entire topic of the docuseries that we
were discussing so much no I mean to  the end has
been a topic of our channel with which
many people came to our channels in
fact the telesalseo channel exists
thanks to the fact that there was a
docuseries and a lot of public came about that
subject no eem I would have liked a
good video of mine on the
main channel of those that are so popular when
not When we make a video on the
main channel of those that were made at the
time not when we break down the buus
series because this would be a closure and I
explain to you why it was the only one it was the
only loose end since there was an accusation it
was the only loophole not that could have
complicated it important also I
tell you
eh it has been confirmed no that then the
trial was at the end of January it has been
confirmed that the trial was at the
end of January as Juanca said a
long time ago eye eh eye Well
this gives closure to the whole
docuseries because in the end as I have
put in the title of
today's live they offended us a complete lie
okay something very big at the show level
okay alber has said that it cannot be appealed
alber has said that  You can't
appeal, see, maybe they
judged him for being a crime like that, jail time,
maybe they judged him
directly in the provincial court,
but of course, if they judged him in the
provincial court, I understand that they
could appeal even if it's the supreme court,
no, because Diego Arrabal is sentenced
in the provincial court, not with
this issue of Mariló, eh, I don't remember
how much they sentenced him to in prison and he's
appealing. No, well, the
thing is that they sold us a
gossip show, it's worth it with a huge
audience because the truth is it was a great
show,
gossip level, but it wasn't gender violence
nor was it all these things that they tried to
do. No, in this note that you're
seeing here on the screen, surely
those of you who have eyesight a little like mine
won't reach your sight. But
well, I see it a little bigger
because I have a screen here where
I'm enlarging it and I've made a kind of
balance, like a review of everything, I
would have loved to do this on the
main channel, well done, it's already firm, but
how is it going to be firm, well, I don't understand. I
mean, I don't understand.  the Why will it be firm
but that's what I'm telling you, I mean, since I have
n't been able to get the sentence, well, no, I
can't and I can't, I can't explain
things and so on, okay, okay, Olga
Moreno wait this is a small balance
that I've made for you, I'm telling you I would have loved to have
done it on the main channel with
its clips of the things they said with
stopping him and such I don't rule out that if
Antonio Avid publishes the sentence or or or they
pass it to me okay I have asked for it
actively and passively well I don't rule out
making a video no because it's like the
closure it is what dismantles since the
documentary was a theater the documentary
was a parallel justice because the
real justice did not give them the reason okay
This is the balance demands and complaints
presented by Rocío Carrasco okay
giving her validity to all these things
that she was suing and that she was
denouncing Okay from Olga Moreno two of
what has happened after the docuseries
the results of those two
lawsuits against Olga Moreno have come out the two lawsuits
for the right to Olga Moreno's honor are
won by Olga Moreno In all instances
roso  Carrasco sentenced to pay
the penalty ok remember that
uh Rocío Carrasco in another
episode told us about the
criminal case that she had filed against Olga
Moreno and Belén Esteban because they revealed
with a letter that was out there that
Rocio Carrasco owed like a million
euros to the community of Madrid I think it was
not money that he owed money that he
owed no and Rocío Carrasco filed a
complaint I think it was for revealing a
secret to Belén Esteban and Olga Moreno
What happened well Belén Esteban
tried to convince her okay that if she
told him well basically to my taste what she
wanted to do was that Olga this to my
taste uh you interpret it however you
want for me what she wanted to do was
uh negotiate with Belén Esteban and that
Belén Esteban when she already fought with
these people with Antonio David and others no
when she had to continue in her job
that Belén Esteban blames Olga And so to
get what she wanted which was to
condemn Olga no Well then Belén
Esteban did not reach any agreement with
Rocio Belen Esteban was acquitted
well there was no trial it was dismissed and
also Olga Moreno's. Okay, two
civil lawsuits against Olga Moreno were lost, costs ordered
and one a criminal complaint against
Olga Moreno was dismissed, Belen Esteban was
dismissed. I liked the new
politicking section yesterday, a kiss Mercedes,
today I don't think I'm going to deal with
anything about politicking because my
head is already up to here because we've been
recording for almost two hours with the guy from
Desocupa eh with Daniel Estévez Fran
Cuesta and I we recorded Sunday's podcast
and we talked about everything from Ábalo
to purses anything goes it's going to be
brutal there's one thing that was for me eh
typical manipulation of people like Rocio
Carrasco or all these eh all these
cases of women that we have
dealt with on the channel You know that in the
treatment on the channel we have not
only dealt with the case of Rocio Carrasco
we have dealt with the case of other
similar women who have sought
media justice when they were not right,
true justice is worth it typical of
manipulation eh the  same the same the
same way of trying to censor
opinions or the people who were being
dismantled okay Kiko Matamoro Rocío
Carrasco sued Kiko Matamoro because
Kiko Matamoro said that Rocío I don't know if she
was very neglected or or that she hadn't taken
the child to the doctor one day that she should have
taken him I don't know some kind of thing
with the doctor it was Well in the
docuseries and in the debate after the
docuseries they talk about they talk about this
lawsuit No I took action against Kiko
Matamoro when in reality by the time
that chapter was aired that lawsuit had already been
dismissed too okay Rocio
Carrasco lost the lawsuit also
against Matamoro for talking about that no
Raquel Mosquera two lawsuits what did
Raquel Mosquera say Raquel Mosquera By
the way here with Matamoro sentenced to
costs also okay eh Raquel Mosquera
two lawsuits for the same thing two
lawsuits for the same thing what Raquel
Mosquera said Raquel Mosquera told an
embarrassing spectacle of a fight between
Rocío Carrasco and Pedro Carrasco hours
before dying  I don't know if the day before he
died or two days before he died or a few
days before he died something like that is worth a
shameful argument a
pitiful spectacle in which he disrespected
his father okay in which he
disrespected his father and also She put him
as below Fidel not a fight that that he
called a lot of attention not
the typical girl completely wrapped up in
Fidel's world no and that she was even
capable of making her father look bad in front of
Fidel and well anyway
Raquel Mosquera already told it perfectly you know
that Raquel Mosquera has been around here
on occasion and not only Raquel
Mosquera but also her good
friend what was the name of this man who
came here to my channel and to the Channel of del
Javi del Speaking clearly what was the name of
my friend from lavaro good people Oh what was the
name of this man who was very
good people who has come many
times has come many times that he went to
parties also Pedro
Carrasco's friend Oh what was the name of this man
who was so was he is a Charming let's go it was I do
n't have to talk to him let's see how he is because
then he also came out talking about
ewin Arrieta what was this man's name
gorgeous little song Paco Narváez Paco
Narváez damn radio presenter
also not a host By the way I have to
ask him to see how he's doing he said that
well he was busy with his treatment and
so on no and and he was thinking of
opening a YouTube channel and so on I haven't
heard from him for a while now that
now that we put it on the
table he also loses the lawsuits
against Raquel Mosquera okay she files two
exactly the same lawsuits I don't
remember if the second one was already
completely dismissed in
all instances or maybe there was still
the supreme court I don't know okay But
well the result well you already know what it's
going to be no this regarding lawsuits and
complaints this regarding lawsuits and
complaints then we have something else then we have something else
this docuseries was
sold to us as the docuseries that put flesh
verbatim words of things from the life
of Carlota corredera okay from Carlota not
skin skin skin no flesh flesh let's see skin
this documentary gave skin this
documentary was the skin lolilo  I don't
have it, I think there's just a screenshot
of the ruling, I mean, I do
n't think they gave him much of a look,
this documentary really sheds light on the case, eh,
corredera, and in an effort to make a
fool of himself in front of all of Spain on a
program that had so many millions of
viewers, he claimed that all the
evidence the documentary had,
all the evidence the
documentary provided would make them reopen the case,
trust the nonsense he said, eh, I mean,
typical femi-Nazi Carlota corredera, just like all
those like them, okay. I'm
sorry, just like all those who have
that extreme feminist stance, that
extreme left-wing stance that
then leads to cases like Rejón's or like
Juan Carlos Monedero, okay, false
posturing, lies, manipulations, and
only tiki tiki tiki tiki clin clin, okay clin clin,
eh, roso Carrasco sat down
to tell her truth, according to her, to
stay alive. We should see that report,
no, it would also be interesting. They say she
earned a lot of money, they say she earned
a couple of million euros, we don't know
the truth, they were almost
circulating the bill. But in the end  no no I'm not going to
upload it no But well the forgotten
Carlota Corredera who won the I don't know
if she won a lot of money for the documentary
but Carlota Corredera won She won The
contempt of the public okay eh She won
The contempt of the public to such an extent that
today they don't know where to place her she doesn't
know where to plug in Okay em
Notice that Carlota Corredera said that
this documentary was going to reopen the case and it's a
lie okay totally eh
the case was not reopened either Rocio Carrasco
completely dismissed the possibilities of
denouncing Antonio Avid for abuse
for what she considered abuse and
and lastly also in this
balance to mention what for me is the
most important of all things the
lawsuits that we are talking about not the
complaints all lost all
absolutely lost for me the most
important after Apart from
not reopening the case no which was what
the
documentary was supposed to be there for no and and all those
experts in gender violence Yoli
How are you heart Rocío Carrasco
is currently sentenced for not paying
child support to her  son okay it's a
crime of family abandonment in the form
of non-payment of alimony Okay firmly
firmly, you can't appeal it anymore, he appealed to
all the instances, he also extended it, I do
n't know if you remember, but at the time he
extended it, at the time he extended it a lot in
fact eh No, they haven't notified me No, I haven't
received I don't know what all those
excuses no that he made no uh well Rocío
Carrasco was convicted in the first
instance in a provincial court and in
the supreme court okay, in other words, a woman who
feels like a victim of
gender violence all because she wanted to denounce
Antonio David no matter what, cancel him,
kick him off television no matter what okay eh
cancel his jobs, not ruin him if he
had to ruin himself she would ruin herself I
also know a few like
her no eh who would like
a documentary to be made about them too,
okay, maybe and they get it
with persistence in life Everything can be
achieved uh and basically the one who ended up
convicted, [ __ ], look at how
history is eh it always repeats itself, the one who
ended up convicted was her, I think that
too  in part the whole fuss about the
documentary and these manipulations were
to create a story in which she was
a victim of gender violence and
to create a story in which she
justified herself for not taking care of her children
okay of not wanting to know anything about her
children it's not that the girl Look the girl
hit me when she was 15 years old okay the girl
hit me when she was 15 years old and the boy
is that potato the boy never explained
potato okay Well finally the one who
is firmly sentenced for not paying
child support is Rocío Carrasco
firmly sentenced okay or so this this
entails I think a criminal record
okay even if it's a fine according to what she
was telling me shame herpe today when
when they sentence you also have the
minimum but a criminal record no this
lady who is even on
Spanish television okay public television on
Monday watch out eh watch careful
and you know what's going on make special mention
of course to the magazine lectura these
are the headlines of the magazine lectura
While they were covering the case of Antonio
David and the alleged uprising of good
A kiss good hanger How are you friend 3
years and one more month  that with me totally
son totally Antonio David closer
to jail But that why Because he
caught him in the in the roundabout of Alcalá de
Guadaira or or why why was he
close to jail he faces a
4 year sentence Antony David closer to
jail the great basis of Rocio Carrasco
against Antonio David Flores in the trial
for punishable insolvency Although the judge
has dismissed the testimony of Olga
Moreno Rocio Carrasco has
definitive evidence that would put Antonio
David Flores in serious trouble
exclusive the trial is suspended Antonio
David Flores for concealment of assets that is to say they have
covered everything in reading about
this procedure but things that
only the parties know when it was
suspended when it was postponed when it was
extended eh allegations Antonio David
uses his children to avoid jail
And look look that now we
find ourselves before what for me as a
means of communication is the most
important The most I don't know family you do not
agree with me or rather the most
important thing if you are covering And you are
following a
criminal process during all instances all
the  years the most important thing will be the
outcome no readings Luis Pliego the most
important thing is not the the outcome is
that you have forgotten the outcome of
today okay you have forgotten the outcome
of today and you have forgotten eh well you
have forgotten about Raquel Mosquera you
forgot about Olga but about Olga you
forgot the two civil suits you
forgot the criminal one too You
forgot them all okay And today look at you a
case so a case so closely followed by
this magazine well well not given nor have they
posted a tweet damn Post a tweet I'm not
telling you about a cover because
nobody buys you anymore but damn a tweet damn
Look if nobody buys you Luis Pliego
the other day you had to invent
that the other day you had to invent
that I was chatting with María Teresa
Campos you can have less shame
than hair you can have less shame
than hair buddy a follow-up putting
a guy that he was closer to
jail and it turns out that he  they have acquitted him
and it turns out that they have acquitted him and it turns out
that you do not report the news because of
course obviously I am not going to blame
this man for having made a mistake in
the prognosis or for having put a kiss
Rober Thank you very much man or for having
put these biased headlines I am
not going to blame him the media are what
we are eh No I will not be like Antonio
David who I know complains about the titles
of YouTube videos no no I
understand that you have to put headlines
to sell more magazines and such Okay
now well Now when the
outcome of the procedure arrives little cover not
gachon little cover not gachon and then I
say well well well [ __ ] one Friday
one Friday one Friday he caught her busy he
caught her with whatever he hasn't had
time yet to read to get
the news out but look how
things are eh anyone Caught her
chatting with Teresa Campo the one Caught her
chatting with Teresa Campo Look how
things are anyone Anyone
anyone would obviously forget no
anyone would forget to
publish this news no I don't know doesn't it
seem so to you  important Maybe Antonio
David is no longer the reason not of their
covers no but it's that they also did not show
any of the three
instances of Rosito being condemned
because she is the one who is
criminally condemned for having abandoned her
son with special abilities I would
love a documentary now about
this eh I would love a
documentary about this now okay Roso Carrasco
also tried to drag it out Roso Carrasco
suddenly said that he had not received
the notification and also postponed the
trial date it was suspended okay three
instances three instances okay it was also
investigated eh What he
lived on no how much he earned Roso Well nothing nothing nothing none
of this and none of this
could not cover it the magazine
reading they forgot okay very
personal opinion very personal opinion I don't
know if you're going to agree with me
for me when when a magazine a
medium not a medium that is also not
free It is a medium that costs money no
you You have to buy the magazine if you
want to know if you want to know the
work of these professionals no who
work in reading for me when a
medium is sold to one of the parties of
the ones that have to inform stop being
a medium and become a pamphlet
okay Luis Pliego I can see you with the
master Joo and the crystal ball Well
yes literally he is your friend you don't know
when it reaches you when the
elections are approaching and you get the envelope from the PSOE
you get the envelope from Podemos you get the
envelope from the PP you get the okay well that
's reading a pamphlet from part a
pamphlet only to clean up an
image or dirty another a pamphlet to
publicize a story that
today we know is false okay a
false story this man okay he could be many
things surely he is Okay but he is not
an abuser he is not a bad father he is not
a criminal he is not a eh con man And
it's more apart from that
apart from that this small
first part that I have given you of the balance
that I have done no that I already told you I would have
liked to do it in the main
but well yes a bit of a stud yes Indian let's
see a bit of a trickster he is Eh Because he
tried to strike me he wanted to
pull a silly trick on me with Lolly  werta
well those are mistakes mistakes that
anyone can make okay but apart from
apart from this balance sheet not apart from this
small balance sheet that we have made with the
lawsuits and complaints filed
by Rocío Carrasco I would also love to
give you two other parts of the balance sheet
okay give you two other parts of
this balance sheet on the one hand the part that
involves Antonio David and on the other hand the
part that involves the producer the
directors no and the team that made that
documentary of falsehood
undocumented documentary okay on the part of Antonio
David okay we have already seen on the part of
Rocio Carrasco all the lawsuits
lost all the complaints lost
case not opened sentence sentenced her
for abandoning her son okay em on the
part of Don avid void dismissal won in
all instances each with more
compensation void dismissal won
right to honor won in one of the
most tochas compensations that I have seen
in TV cases almost 200000 turkeys
for void dismissal not because they violated her
honor because they contradicted her
the sentence says so eh I don't remember the
literal words okay  but they
violated his right to honor
completely ignoring what
a court had investigated and today the one we had left
concealment of assets Javi don't call it
abandoning his son call it abandonment of
family in the form of non-payment of child
support you can have a mess eh
abandonment of family abandoning his son
or rather in this case it's the
child support I don't think things will change much
But well and yes it is true that
Antonia vi has not managed to win
the trial against María Patiño okay And neither did
Rocío Flores She won the trial against Kiko
Hernández and neither did uh Rocío the one for
revealing the Secret both to Vanitatis
and to the TV factory if I'm not
mistaken they are still appealing okay
But
well the one against Kiko Hernández got a penalty for
calling him pegam mother it seemed absurd to
take it to criminal court and the one against María
Patiño for the one against María Patiño From the
signs it seemed to me the
result was unfair Not because I want
Antonio to win av or rather but sincerely
yes I did see something yes I did see a
strong thing what they did to him okay I the one
of  Rocio Flores revelation of Secret
I have my doubts that she will win it the
truth eh I think more or less who
more and who less those of us who have followed
the case see perfectly where it
comes from no Where does the documentation
of Rocío Flores come from no but a revelation
of Secret if the information is not
obtained illegally she is a
public figure it is something that had already been
talked about on TV I do not know the truth I
think that the revelation of Secret is not
going to win it either But well
now we go to the subject of the balance, the
subject of the balance, okay eh, the subject of the balance
for those who made the
docuseries, okay, so that for those who
put together this lie, well, the balance for
them is Sálvame does not exist, they work on
YouTube, which they kind of despised And which they
made fun of and they have had to change the
entire production company to create a
new one almost with the same name and with the
same people, okay, so that it seems like another
production company at least so that in the
records it is another production company to be able to
continue working, not trying to
plug into Spanish vision, in this
case, no. So for me the balance
of all this is worth it with its successes  and
mistakes eh I mean trying to be as
objective as possible because for me Antonio
v in these last years in which I had
the opportunity to get to know him quite
well The truth is and we spent a few hours
on the phone chatting we have been in
person no also and until
finally we had the rif and rafillo no e
sincerely disappointment in some
somewhere okay e and some little things that I do
n't like about him okay HM and however
Rocío Carrasco eh with whom I have had
less relationship but we have also
met a few times
however she has been a very
nice girl too despite my
criticisms and my opinions no and the truth is that she
was very cool with me
as was Fidel no but for me eh
sincerely okay the
conclusion that I draw is that eh
the docuseries is a it's something that
I am very very very against okay
I have some principles some values
despite the conflicts that I have with
people okay I have nothing against
Rocio Carrasco neither do I really
have anything against Antonio avid but eh
sincerely I am very against of
of going against eh of
real justice is worth it if you like more or
less the result of a procedure
in which you are involved but you
have to respect it, I have not
liked some results of some
procedure in which I have been. I have been
involved and I have been against it, I do not
think differently I think that they have made a
mistake but mm
but it must be respected and that's it
because they are people who are more
prepared surely they know
the law better How to apply it and that's what there is
then and what you cannot do is
when what you cannot do
when you cannot convince
justice for whatever you want them to do
against your enemy then you do like
this media funa that we have seen
on other occasions Like for example
Amber hair and girls like that no
those are independent funas
media funas that are tira okay And the thing is that
everything is completely false, I mean this
man has a lot of things and he has
a lot of mistakes that they should have
exposed as a heart program
Having put one side and Having put
the other side to throw things
at each other and if they had not
taken it down the path that they took it
Well  It would have been better if they had left it wrong
otherwise
[Music]